Update resharding config section (#478)
apache/couchdb-documentation: src/config/resharding.rst

        will start to fail with the ``max_jobs_exceeded`` error::

             [reshard]
             max_jobs = 48

    .. config:option:: max_history

        The max length of each jobs event log. The history records job starts,

>         stop, retries etc. There is probably not much reason to change this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        stops, retries etc. There is probably not much reason to change this
```

>         unless use specifies larger number of ``max_retries``::

Reviewer: I'm not sure what is meant here.  Maybe this?

```suggestion
        unless you specify a larger number of ``max_retries``::
```

Author: I think I'll remove that sentence. It doesn't make much sense in general.

            [reshard]
            source_close_timeout_sec = 600

    .. config:option:: require_node_param

        Require users to specify a ``node`` parameter when creating resharding
        jobs. This can be used as a safety check to avoid inadvertently
        starting too many resharding jobs by accident::

            [reshard]
            require_node_param = false

    .. config:option:: require_range_param

>         Require users to specify a ``node`` parameter when creating resharding

Reviewer: This looks like a duplicate of the last paragraph. Wrong description?

Author: It was a copy-paste error. It was supposed to be range instance of node. I'll update it.
